After college I was ready to finally be an adult, independent employed and working from one goal to the next. This
was the quickly squashed with a plethora of applications submitted along with a mind numbing amount of differing cover letters
to hopefully draw a spark of interest.  Oddly enough this did not work... Imagine that (shocking I know).  In an attempt to
build my professional experience I turned to a temp agency hoping that maybe after these three month contracts I would be asked
to stay on full time and finally start on my path, needless to say that did not happen, but it made me realize that I wasn't unqualified I had no problems doing the assigned task it was just waiting for a chance.
    Then the unexpected happened, I was randomly emailed about going to Perth Australia to play and most importantly teach football to the youth in local primary schools. This seemed unreal so I jokingly asked if they would like my social security number and bank information.  That same day a visa that allowed me to work in Australia for up to a year was emailed to me and I was told they are very serious.  Two weeks later I packed up my limited amount of things and head off to the great Down-under.  Never would I have expected that not being valued by a company would make it so easy to take on the adventure of a life time.  After I spent 6 months in Perth (one of the most beautiful and isolated cities in the world), I decided that I missed playing football and thought it might be fun to take this adventure to the next stage. I studied german throughout High School and College but never had the opportunity to speak German consistently, Germany also features the German Football League (GFL).  The GFL is the premier league in Europe and is reasonably competitive to be accepted onto a team.  After a few, skeptical emails, from the team I ultimately played for I offered to fly myself from Perth to Munich and only asked for a try out with no guarantees or promises.  I did well enough, and was offered one of the four spots allotted for Americans to play on per team.  I told them I wanted more than to just play football but wanted to fully learn the German culture first hand instead of in the classroom.  I was assigned to be the international player personal manager,essentially I was tasked with acclimating non German players on the team to Munich and German culture; I loved every minute of talking and hearing stories from people all over Europe.This is where I noticed a reoccurring comment, " Do Americans not understand that when they travel that they are guest in the country they are visiting? ".
    I began thinking back, how often had I been exposed to other culture's customs in a school setting? Quick answer, hardly at all; the only history and context I knew regarding Europe and other parts of the world revolved around wars and other politically polarizing events.  Instantly I felt a sense of disappointment in myself, I completely disregarded understanding spheres of influence fell prey to my own ethnocentric views.  This sent me into an utter tizzy of retrospective thought, how many times have I disregard someone's cultural customs when I was a guest. The next 8 months I spent practically every moment, when I didn't have any football obligations, to travel as much of Europe as possible.  Ultimately I made it to all the countries but Portugal and Russia, if you count Russia as a European country 77% of the land mass is on the Asian continent.
    The main event, that made me want to help illuminate this silent error to Americans, was when I was at an Italian restaurant
another American was sitting responsibly close to my table and tried to order Weinerschnitzel and threw a tantrum that the restaurant did not offer that.  She remarked that all restaurants in Germany should carry the German staple foods, it makes no sense not to. I decided it was my duty to try to inform her that she would not go to an Italian restaurant in America and ask for a Hamburger, but would look at the menu and select solely from that.  In all honestly our conversation was not so pleasant and short but the gist of my inspiration is seeded in this one glaringly embarrassing moment.